okay so this is definitely one of the
more interesting phones I've played with
this year we've seen a whole bunch of
variations from different companies of
an attempt to remove the notches and
bezels from the front of the phones
right we've seen pop-up cameras we've
seen flip up cameras we've seen shark
fin cameras these are all just attempts
to remove nachos and bezels from the
front to keep that front clean but this
phone does it really differently they
have a screen on the front as well as a
screen on the back and the purpose of
this double screen is to keep the front
super clean there's no cameras in the
front you're using the same rear facing
cameras for your selfies or video
conferencing stuff it's just the same
set of cameras are just flipping the
phone back and forth to activate the
different modes now this phone sells for
$500 like u.s. dollars right now it's
only available in China as of this
moment but it's supposed to come up in
North America sometime in September or
October now this phone is the Z twenty
by Nubia they've launched another phone
in North America recently was the red
magic three and they also have a red
Magic 3s that's coming out I think it's
ready out but when I first saw the press
release in August I remember thinking
that this just seemed like such a
eccentric way to solve that whole bezel
list notch --less front thing but having
used this for a little bit like it is
super cool so there's way more
functionality to the second screen than
I thought it's not just for monitoring
your selfies or video conferencing in
the commercials they show I mean they
have a couple examples if like a guy
walking through some subway he's got a
map on one screen and then he flips it
around to use his subway pass but you
can also run apps on these different
screens right you can run one app
on-screen one a second app on screen to
flip between them you'd also run the
same app on both screens if you want and
just switch between different accounts
on like say a social media platform even
when you're shooting video like you can
monitor what's in frame at the same time
as the people that you're filming and
it's not like this phone became super
thick or super heavy because of this
screen like it's just it feels like a
regular phone you can't even tell that
this thing has a second screen until it
lights up in fact when you look at the
back look if the back is off there's a
tint on the glass like this mirrored
finish that really hides the fact that
there is a second screen on this thing
at all like if you're just holding this
thing up it
just really looks like a normal phone
until it lights up so one of the ways to
activate this back screen is just to
launch the selfie camera like if you
have the back of the phone looking at
you and you just launch the camera app
it automatically goes to the selfie mode
the selfie mode has a regular focal
length as well as a really wide angle
this wide-angle selfie is like I love it
it's not something that everyone's gonna
use but I've always been a big fan of
wide-angle lenses on their phones and
it's the same cameras for the regular
like when you just have it in
rear-facing mode it's the same cameras
and you just have clean photos and you
also have the extra functionality of a
zoom function when it's in rear-facing
mode I've noticed that you don't have a
zoom functionality when you're in like
front-facing selfie mode now there is
one kind of caveat to this I like to run
G cam like Google's camera software when
it comes to phones like this but because
of how custom the software is in terms
of like the flipping and the like all
the stuff that's happening in the
software when you flip the phone around
to activate the different screens I
don't know how difficult it will be to
port G cam on to this phone the stock
software does it really well like the
auto detection is fine and you can even
set it to have like a button so you can
just switch between the back and the
front screens whenever you want but
having that button on your screen just
looks really unsightly to me the
automated sensors work quite well it's
actually way better than I thought it
would be but for a developer to port G
came on to this thing so it can actually
flip the screens and stuff like that it
might be a lot more difficult so you may
be stuck with the stock software it's
not that it's bad but I always have a
stronger preference for G cam the
hardware overall though is just really
solid for five hundred bucks you're
getting a snapdragon 855 plus six years
of ram 256 storage four thousand
milliamp hour battery two screens two
AMOLED screens so 6.4 inches in the
front the 5.1 I believe in the back like
if there's so much Hardware going on
here with functionality to that hardware
also something I notice I threw my sim
card in here there's also an earpiece on
the back screen like obviously there's
an earpiece in the front but when you
flip it and you want to dial off the
back screen like you can do it and
there's actually a functional earpiece
at the top I'm not sure exactly why they
did it like maybe so you can have some
kind of reference material on the other
screen but then
why wouldn't you just dial from the main
screen to look at the bet I don't know
it's it's weird that they have like they
actually put in an extra earpiece on the
back but hardware-wise like this is cool
I don't know how much this will cost
once it hits North America I have a
feeling we'll probably bump up to like
650 which you know it's not bad it's
still not like mid to your range and
you're getting a lot of good stuff on
this thing point being a secondary
screen like there's way more utility to
this thing than I thought there would be
it looks cool the software is good in
terms of the double screen functionality
stuff and it's just a good overall phone
now there are kind of two things I don't
love about this phone number one it
doesn't have a headphone jack I know
they had this stuff a lot more on this
phone than your average phone that
doesn't have a headphone jack but I
would have liked to seen one on this
particular phone the other thing is that
to protect this thing properly to get a
case on this thing its bumper only like
you can't have a full protection on the
back so who knows about like fragility
this is like it's just a regular glass
on the back I'm sure like Gorilla Glass
but you got to be careful with this
thing a lot more than you would with a
regular phone because now you have a
screen on the back but I don't know look
would you use this does this give you
extra functionality like at first when I
saw this I honestly thought it was
really gimmicky but having tried this
thing out I think it's pretty legit for
the right user okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it
subs if you love to see you guys next
time